---
type: email
from: The Tech Buzz <thetechbuzz@mail.beehiiv.com>
subject: Live Webinar, Real Intent Unveils Superagent, Starts in 15 Minutes
received: 2026-03-10 12:31:39
date_header: Mon, 9 Mar 2026 20:56:06 +0000
priority: normal
status: awaiting_approval
uid: 45225
---

## Email Content

**From:** The Tech Buzz <thetechbuzz@mail.beehiiv.com>
**Subject:** Live Webinar, Real Intent Unveils Superagent, Starts in 15 Minutes
**Date:** Mon, 9 Mar 2026 20:56:06 +0000

### Body (preview)

Hey there,

**This is an invitation to a webinar for Real Estate Agents & Brokerages.** Starts in 15 minutes:

Register for Live Webinar (https://real-intent.webinargeek.com/the-ultimate-alternative-to-zillow-s-premier-agent-service-helping-real-estate-agents-leverage-intent-data)

**Starts in 15 mins -  March 9th at 1PM PST / 4PM EST**

This is a LIVE WEBINAR. [Real Intent](https://realintent.co) will be unveiling Superagent, its full-service growth automation platform for real estate agents and brokerages. 

Register to see how Real Intent makes agents snap-finger famous in their zipcode with a click of a button, automatically generating awareness, conversing with leads and handing them off to you.

### **ALL ZIP CODES ARE EXCLUSIVE - ONE PER AGENT**

**Agents are seeing great results!**

1) One agent increased seller meetings 2 fold and listed 2 properties in the first month of signing up for the Real Intent Program.

2) An agent in the Southeast got a listing in their free trial week, before paying for their membership!

3) An agent in California asked to secure 2 more zip codes after a couple of weeks of signing up, due to success being already experienced.

4) One brokerage has secured an entire county!

[Check Zip Code Availability ](https://webforms.pipedrive.com/f/c5fUZ0ywAWLrHTpEycLBeoLrN6hIU6We1i4PrLAlM5DDK342wmfGttZ042GZHGhotl)

**[Learn how agents are using Real Intent to find Motivated Sellers](https://real-intent.webinargeek.com/the-ultimate-alternative-to-zillow-s-premier-agent-service-helping-real-estate-agents-leverage-intent-data)**

Register for Webinar (https://real-intent.webinargeek.com/the-ultimate-alternative-to-zillow-s-premier-agent-service-helping-real-estate-agents-leverage-intent-data)

This is an excellent opportunity to **learn about an effective and affordable alternative to Zillow's Premier Agent** service and how intent data can give you a competitive edge in your market.

_**In the webinar, you'll learn:**_

* How intent data help

---

## Suggested Actions
- [ ] Reply
- [ ] Archive
- [ ] Escalate
