---
type: email
from: Google Cloud <googlecloud@google.com>
subject: Ubaidurrehman,  your technical mission starts soon:  Mastering

 Agents on Vertex AI
received: 2026-03-10 12:31:54
date_header: Mon, 9 Mar 2026 22:42:30 -0500 (CDT)
priority: normal
status: awaiting_approval
uid: 45241
---

## Email Content

**From:** Google Cloud <googlecloud@google.com>
**Subject:** Ubaidurrehman,  your technical mission starts soon:  Mastering

 Agents on Vertex AI
**Date:** Mon, 9 Mar 2026 22:42:30 -0500 (CDT)

### Body (preview)

Propel your AI deployment





Secure your spot at AI in Action







March 17-18, 2026 

 11:15–16:00 GMT+8



Online





Register now <https://go.cloudplatformonline.com/ODA4LUdKVy0zMTQAAAGgdM99a47hzVpxjWs5CqqIxCdyXqMAgTGZfh4I9R8wLGGsMmqXNQbVhKLWJPz4DxvWpVQ5b3Q=>





----------------------------------------------



Hi Ubaidurrehman,





You’re invited to join us at Cloud Technical Series: AI in Action <https://go.cloudplatformonline.com/ODA4LUdKVy0zMTQAAAGgdM99a47hzVpxjWs5CqqIxCdyXqMAgTGZfh4I9R8wLGGsMmqXNQbVhKLWJPz4DxvWpVQ5b3Q=> online event, 17 & 18 March, to access labs and deep-dive technical sessions that will define your year’s technical roadmap:





- Join the technical keynote - The Enterprise AI Blueprint: Mastering Model Builder and Agents on Vertex AI, and learn how Google Cloud AI-Optimized Tech Stack integrates every layer, from infrastructure to agents, with Vertex AI at the core.



- Proof in Action. Hear how industry leaders Unilever and Cognizant are using agentic AI to solve complex real-world challenges and drive high-impact results.



- Gain hands-on expertise with instructor-led Labs, working alongside Google experts to code, configure, and deploy real-world AI solutions.



Shift your expertise into high gear. Register now <https://go.cloudplatformonline.com/ODA4LUdKVy0zMTQAAAGgdM99a47hzVpxjWs5CqqIxCdyXqMAgTGZfh4I9R8wLGGsMmqXNQbVhKLWJPz4DxvWpVQ5b3Q=> and attend to receive your Google Cloud collectible badge in recognition of your participation and unlock free Google training offers.





Register now <https://go.cloudplatformonline.com/ODA4LUdKVy0zMTQAAAGgdM99a47hzVpxjWs5CqqIxCdyXqMAgTGZfh4I9R8wLGGsMmqXNQbVhKLWJPz4DxvWpVQ5b3Q=>





See you there,

 The Google Cloud Team



---------------------------------------





Learn in your language.

Every session will be streamed with multi-language channels offering helpful live real-time subtitles in 한국어, Bahasa Indonesia, 繁體中文, 简体中文, 日本語, แบบไทย, tiếng Việt and English language.





Googl

---

## Suggested Actions
- [ ] Reply
- [ ] Archive
- [ ] Escalate
